here's an excellent Tibetan lama pie
combination utilizing three of the most
important techniques in the style or
three very
fist chin jaw penetrated fist and
palchik amethyst one things that
separates Lama from other styles is many
styles use cup they use pow
the difference is long ties footwork
alright how we how we deliver the
techniques the angles that work striking
at versus just anyone can learn cup choy
you know this is this either straight
down or angled stamping fist so lots of
styles incorporated on guy uses the
chore they foot uses it unfuck uses it a
lot of styles have it but here's an
example how we use this I would train
this one overly hands yet most people
are we thinking either when teenage that
comes you don't want to step back
you don't want to set one side which is
not a great idea or they want to set the
other side so long as they're always
trying to use a circular Theory all
right I chose would use much more of
seven star pattern is exactly pattern or
shooting in and out that's bad is
different so what I'm going to try to do
is person throws a punch slow what I'm
going to try to do is I'm trying to use
this foot come here so I'm going to kind
of connect when I see the shoulders move
and it comes a punch here we're a
grouping so again when shoulders come
bang I said shoulders from then I said
show us from I throw this first punch
which is Chun soy using the knuckle drag
had two strikes with the ribs so now
this punch comes I won't be right here
now from this position what I want to do
is come over the top and up choy
now again I'm in a good position because
his other hand is gonna be useless when
it comes as if any himself or even
strike against me from here whether or
not I cut through the hand or anything
but right from their thing and powder
underneath so whatever I catch the chin
is body thumb in the top position good
striking service in here it's right with
their body strike me straight up so when
that jab comes out in writing so just
one long Pike combination but it gives
you a different perspective compared to
other styles of how cup pow and should
might be used so good luck
[Music]